# KB0020 - Generate a report of all missed backups based on a time period.

## Command:
 ```$ rbkcli report missed backup```

## Definition:
 - This command will first retrieve a SLA Compliance Report, creating an object list and then will query all SLAs, based on the time period provided, SLA frequency (of the pre-configured SLA domains) and object list gathered, it will query the /event API event for all backup events. If a backup event is not found in the frequency it is expected to be, it reports as a missed backup. It will also query the missed snapshots API for each object and merge the results.

## Usage:
0. Requirements:

	a. In order to run this command, the user needs to have rbkcli installed
	b. The user needs to be authenticated in the Cluster by following the [Quick Start Guide](quick-start.md)

1. Parameters:

	a. The available parameters that alter which events will be gathered are:
	- **sla**: SLA Domain or SLA Domains to fetch missed backups, default is all SLAs based on SLA Compliance report. This parameters will change the list of objects to be fetched, only objects on the provided SLAs will be included. This parameter **is not** required
	- **object_type**: Type or types of objects to fetch missed backups of, default is all objects on SLA Compliance report.  This parameters will change the list of objects to be fetched, only objects of the provided Object Type will be included. This parameter **is not** required
	- **object_id**: Id or Ids of objects to fetch missed backups of, default is all objects on SLA Compliance report.  This parameters will change the list of objects to be fetched, only objects with the provided IDs will be included.This parameter **is not** required
	- **tolerance**: Disregard missed backups that have time deviation percentage lower than this value. Example: If the backup was late by 10% of its frequency and tolerance is set to 20%, that will not be reported.
	- **after_date**: Start date which the event will be fetched, the eldest event gathered will be from this date. This parameter **is** required
	- **before_date**: End date which the event will be fetched, the most recent event will be from this date, default is today, 15 min ago. This parameter **is not** required
	- **output_file**: Path of the file which the output will be written. This parameter **is not** required, default is local folder and file "missed_backups_report.json".
	- PS.: Dates (on after_date and before_date) have to be in the following format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS, like in the example bellow.

2. Relevant Response Fields:
	a. There are several fields in each object returned by the script, the most important ones are as follows:
	- **missedSnapshotType**: This field differentiates "Missed backups" found by the script and "Missed snapshots" found by the missed_snapshots API. If this is returned "Automated Discovery" means the script has found a Backup missing if it returns "Acknowledged Miss" means that the missed_snapshot APIs has also returned this missed backup.
	- **missedSnapshotTime**: For "Automated Discovery" missedSnapshotType, the time reported will always be the first second of the SLA frequency window when the snapshot was expected to happen; For "Acknowledged Miss" missedSnapshotType, the time reported will be the one returned from missed_snapshot API. 
	- **deviationPercentage**: Based on the snapshot frequency configured on the SLA and delay observed until a snapshot was actually taken (SLA deviation), calculate a percentage between them. 
	- **extraInfo**: For "Automated Discovery" missedSnapshotType, extra info will contain more information on the reason why a missed backup was identified:
		```
		"extraInfo": "A Backup event should have occurred until 2020-04-17T23:59:59, but the next backup event occurred at 2020-04-18T00:00:55 "
		```
		This is an example of an "excusable" miss, where the systems resources were being utilized and the missed backup was only off by seconds. Even though the script returns this as a missed backup, it can be safely ignored.
	

3. Example:

    a. Following are valid examples of how to run the `report on_demand backup` command:
    ```
    $ rbkcli report missed backup -p after_date=2020-04-27T12:00:00
	Getting SLA Report   [=___________________________________________________________________________________________________] 1.0000%
    ```
    b. As you can see the command returns a progress bar that moves according to the coverage of the list of objects gathered.
    ```
    $ rbkcli report missed backup -p after_date=2020-04-27T12:00:00
	Getting Object Info  [====________________________________________________________________________________________________] 4.0337%
    ```
    c. Once that is done the command will return a small summary and a list of missed backup events:
    ```
    Writing Output       [====================================================================================================] 100.0000%
    {
	  "summary": {
		"ObjectTypes": {
		  "summary": "There is(are) 0 affected object types, following is the distribution among types:",
		  "count": {}
		},
		"ObjectIds": {
		  "summary": "There is(are) 0 affected objects,  following is the distribution of occurrences:",
		  "count": {}
		}
	  },
	  "time_taken": "14 mins",
	  "data": []
	}
    ```
    d. You can read the generated file with all results, in this case `missed_backups_report.json`:
    ```
    $ less missed_backups_report.json
    ```
3. Reporting:
    
    a. You can explore different views of the results by using ```rbkcli jsonfy```, for this report we suggest running jsonfy with the following key selection and `-T` at the end to convert into a table:
    ```
	$ rbkcli jsonfy --parameter file=missed_backups_report.json -s ObjectId,ObjectName,missedSnapshotTime,missedSnapshotType,SlaDomain -T
	 ObjectId                                                      | ObjectName | missedSnapshotTime  | missedSnapshotType  | SlaDomain    
	====================================================================================================================================
	 VirtualMachine:::5f227969-1a6d-45ec-91d2-c2e5b20a7488-vm-0002 | MyVm-01    | 2020-04-01T00:00:01 | Automated Discovery | Gold
	 VirtualMachine:::5f227969-1a6d-45ec-91d2-c2e5b20a7488-vm-5511 | MyVm-02    | 2020-04-13T00:00:01 | Automated Discovery | Silver

	**Total amount of objects [2]

    ```
    b. If a HTML table is preferred, just replace the `-T` for `-H` and redirect the output to a html file:
    ```
    $ rbkcli jsonfy --parameter file=missed_backups_report.json -s ObjectId,ObjectName,MissedSnapshotTime,MissedSnapshotType,SlaDomain -H > /tmp/on_demand_backup.html 
    ```
