# KB0015 - Change available API endpoints in rbkcli

This is a step-by-step guide on how to allow or disallow specific API calls from **rbkcli**.

### Context
By default **rbkcli** have all API endpoint which uses method GET enabled, but for data safety reasons all POST/PATCH/DELETE APIs are disallowed. 
That means a default user would not be able to run it. Fortunately **rbkcli** is customizable.

### Allowing more API's endpoints and methods
In order to allow new endpoints and methods, do:
1. Create a copy of your configuration file:
	```
	cp ~/rbkcli/conf/rbkcli.conf ~/rbkcli/conf/rbkcli.conf.bkp 
	```
	
2. Open **rbkcli** configuration file at:
	```
	~/rbkcli/conf/rbkcli.conf
	```

	P.S.: To get more information on **rbkcli** configuration please visit the [Configuration File](configuration_file.md) page.

3. Under the **whiteList** section, add the API endpoint and method to the existing list, with the following format:
	```
	"<api_version>:<endpoint>:<method>:NA"
	```
	
	You can see examples already added to the file, such as the API endpoint to create a new session and get API token:
	```
	"internal:/session:post:NA"
	```

4. Save the file. Once that is done the command will be available for all **rbkcli** features.

### Disallowing API's endpoints and methods
In order to disallow endpoints and methods, do:
1. Create a copy of your configuration file:
	```
	cp ~/rbkcli/conf/rbkcli.conf ~/rbkcli/conf/rbkcli.conf.bkp 
	```
	
2. Open **rbkcli** configuration file at:
	```
	~/rbkcli/conf/rbkcli.conf
	```

	P.S.: To get more information on **rbkcli** configuration please visit the [Configuration File](configuration_file.md) page.

3. Under the **blackList** section, add the API endpoint and method to the existing list, with the following format:
	```
	"<api_version>:<endpoint>:<method>:NA",
	```
	
	There is no examples of an API explicitly removed from **rbkcli**, but you could do so for APIs that change the data you have:
	```
	"v1:/vmware/vm/snapshot/{id}:delete:NA",
	```

4. Save the file. Once that is done the command will never be available for any of **rbkcli** features.

### Other issues
In case you forgot to backup your file and after the changes the file is no longer valid or rbkcli is not running successfully, you can simply delete the file and **rbkcli** will take care of creating a new default file for you.